Byte code Verifier: The byte code verifier ensures the following:
? the Java programs have been compiled correctly,
? they will obey the virtual machine’s access restrictions, and
? the byte codes will not access private data when they should not



public static void main(String[] args) {…} other way to write main.


strictfp is a keyword,,,,,

true and false are called as values....under boolean.

null is a keyword not a value.


Default values of all primitive types.

boolean-false
char-'\u0000'
object reference is null.

== and equals.

==-primitive type it checks values.


teranry operation can be stored in any primitive data type.
boolean s=10<5?true:false;		
System.out.println(s);


when u created a variable inside a method 

when a object is in heap it is eligible for gc.
if it is in stack eligible not eligible for gc---as these are created in side the method and as soon as method excueted they will be removed.

this refers to global var.


question from loops and case statement;

dowhile statement one question.


default can be also called as package variable.


The sub class and packages under the package hirerachy.

java 8 has introduced localdate in java.time package.
gergorian calender....



**enum one question.
constructors can be created in enum.
default variables can be created.

static import is used when class is having only static varibles and methods.


default constructor is created by compiler.
if we create empty cons it is called as no arg cons



javap- in cmd is used to restructure of the byte code into words.


static initalizer is used to change value of static variable.


static can be accessed by class name and object.


System.gc() is a request to jvm to gc it may or may not be done.
It is only done when the jvm is free. Which values are assigned as null are eligible for gc.
even jvm is controlled by cpu.
It works on marks and sweep algorithm.


finalize()-It will be automatically called when System.gc() is called. It invokes before gc gets started.
finally and finalize() all almost same.


object class has three imp methods.
-toString();
-hashCode();
-equals();


extends==extendsearch!!


!--Study String class more--!



if a method is declared in interface it is abstract as default.

why static and default types are introduced in java8 for interfaces.
how to declare a boolean array.
stream api?
lamda exp?


all the mthods of vector are sync.

data structure is added to java by collections frame work.

HashSet h=new HashSet();//it works based on hash code of an object



cannot add a object in treeset.--if you try to add it throws ClassCastException.
as tree set follows ascending order in insertion.
we cannot add null value in tree set.
if you want to add object you should use comparator.